She came from Massachusetts. She came from Hampden County. She came from Belchertown. She was raised on Beacon Hill. He canoed down the Kennebec River. She climbed Mount Watatic. She vacationed on the shores of Metacomet Lake. The Connecticut River Valley is a lush, fertile, flatland. She flew from Boston Logan International Airport. She went sailing in Savin Hill Cove. She vacationed on Shoves Neck. The was no water in the South Hadley Canal. There were beavers in the Ashfield Pond Dam. The water flowed quickly over Wallamanumps Falls. The trees were diseased in Becket State Forest. The sailors were stranded on Gambage Island. The Amherst College campus is located on the edge of town. The Empire State Building is an architectural icon. The traffic was stopped on the Golden Gate Bridge. She was born in Paris. She was born in Paris, France. She was born in Paris in France. She was born in Paris, Texas. She was born in Paris in Texas. She was born in Paris, TX. She was born in Paris, Tx. She was born in Paris, ID. She was born in Paris in Idaho. She was born in Paris, Canada. She was born in Paris in Canada. She was born in Paris, Ontario. She was born in Paris in Ontario. She was born in Paris, Yukon. She was born in Paris in the Yukon. She was born in Paris, Indonesia. She was born in Paris, Jawa Timur, Indonesia. She was born in Paris in Jawa Timur, Indonesia. She was born in Paris, Gorontalo, Indonesia. She was born in Paris in Gorontalo, Indonesia. She was born in Sydney, Australia. She was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. She was born in Sydney, New South Wales. She was born in Sydney, NSW. She was born in Sydney, Canada. She was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada. She was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia. She was born in Sydney, NS. She was born in Sydney, South Africa. She was born in Sydney, North-West, South Africa. She was born in Sydney, North-West. She was born in Sydney, NW. He went to San Francisco, California. He went to San Francisco, CA. He went to San Francisco, C.A. He went to San Francisco, Ca. He went to San Francisco, Calif. She went swimming in the Atlantic. The fishing was good in the Pacific. He climbed Rainier. He sailed down the Mississippi. Guadelupe is an island in the Caribbean. He went to Georgia. He went to Tblisi, Georgia. He went to Tblisi in Georgia. He went to Athens, Georgia. He went to Georgia, Kansas. He went to Georgia in Kansas. He went to Georgia, KS. He went to Georgia, Ks. He went to Bloomington, IN. He went to Bloomington, In. He went to Bloomington, Ind. He went to Florida. He went to Florida, Uruguay. He went to Florida in Uruguay. He went to Florida, Latvia. He went to Florida in Latvia. The Empire State Building is in New York. The Empire State Building is in New York City. The Empire State Building is in the city of New York. She went to Montreal, Quebec. She went to Montreal, Quebec. She went to Montreal. She went to Montreal. Bien Hoa is a city in Vietnam. Bien Hoa is a city in Vietnam. There were widespread earthquakes in Aluksnes Novads, Latvia. There were widespread earthquakes in, Aluksnes Novads, Latvia. There were widespread earthquakes in in Aluksnes Novads. There were widespread earthquakes in in Aluksnes Novads. The bicylce race went through Paris, Clarksville, and Hugo. There was a troop coalition occupying Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan. The tourists stayed in Alexandria, Charlottesville, and Richmond. There were photos from London, Hamilton, and Mississauga. There was flooding along the Mississippi, Missouri, and Platte Rivers. Airplanes could land at Newark, Kennedy, and LaGuardia airports. He traveled to a cape named Big Island in North Carolina. He went ashore on the island named Big Island in New Mexico. He climbed the summit of the mountain named Big Island in Colorado. He went to the town of Big Island. He went to the town of Big Island, VA. Tobacco was grown in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Tobacco was grown in Virginia. She left the Republic of Macedonia. She left Macedonia. There is a baseball team in the City of Chicago. There is a baseball team in Chicago. The Republic of the Congo is near the equator. Congo-Brazzaville is near the equator. Congo (Brazzaville) near the equator. The Congo is near the equator. The Democratic Republic of the Congo is near the equator. Congo-Kinshasa is near the equator. Congo (Kinshasa) is near the equator. North Korea is on a peninsula. The Democratic People's Republic of Korea is on a peninsula. South Korea is on a peninsula. The Republic of Korea is on a peninsula. They were vacationing in Antigua and Barbuda. They were vacationing in Antigua 